chore: update README (#621)
GoogleCloudPlatform/cloudsql-proxy: docs/cli-usage.md

given [GCE metadata](https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/metadata) key will be
polled for a list of instances to open in `-dir`. The metadata key is relative
from `computeMetadata/v1/`. The format for the value is the same as the
'instances' flag. A hanging-poll strategy is used, meaning that changes to the
metadata value will be reflected in the `-dir` even while the proxy is running.
When an instance is removed from the list the corresponding socket will be
removed from `-dir` as well (unless it was also specified in `-instances`), but
any existing connections to this instance will NOT be terminated.

Note: `-instances` and `-instances_metadata` may be used at the same time but
are not compatible with the `-fuse` flag.

* `-ip_address_types=PUBLIC,PRIVATE`

A comma-delimited list of preferred IP types for connecting to an instance. For
example, setting this to PRIVATE will force the proxy to connect to instances
using an instance's associated private IP. Defaults to `PUBLIC,PRIVATE`

* `-term_timeout=30s`

How long to wait for connections to close before shutting down the proxy.
Defaults to 0.

* `-skip_failed_instance_config`

> Setting this flag will allow you to prevent the proxy from terminating when some
> instance configurations could not be parsed and/or are unavailable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Setting this flag will allow you to prevent the proxy from terminating if any errors
occur during instance configuration. Please note that this may mean some instances
may fail to set up correctly while others work if the proxy restarts..
```

* `-log_debug_stdout=true`

This is to log non-error output to stdOut instead of stdErr. For example, if you
don't want connection related messages to log as errors, set this flag to true.
Defaults to false.

* `-credential_file`

Allows use of the proxy outside of Google's cloud. Simply [create a new service
account](https://cloud.google.com/sql/docs/mysql/sql-proxy#create-service-account),
download the associated JSON file, and set `-credential_file` to the path of the
JSON file. You can also set the GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS environment
variable instead of passing this flag.

## Authentication

Authentication can be configured in a few different ways. Those listed higher on
the list will override options lower on the list:

1. `credential_file` flag
2. `token` flag
3. Service account key at path stored in `GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS`
4. gcloud _user_ credentials (set from `gcloud auth login`)

> 5. Default Application Credentials via goauth:

Author: It seems this list can be simplified with a link to the [Application Default Credentials](https://cloud.google.com/docs/authentication/production) (which is what the [Goauth library](https://pkg.go.dev/golang.org/x/oauth2/google) links to itself).

> 5. Default Application Credentials via goauth:

Author: I just noticed that -- this was an existing typo. It's fixed now.

   1. `GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS` (again)
   2. gcloud _application default_ credentials (set from ` gcloud auth application-default login`)
   3. appengine.AccessToken (for App Engine Go < =1.9)
   4. GCE/GAE metadata credentials

Note: any account connecting to a Cloud SQL database will need the

> `roles/cloudsql.client` role. See [Roles and Permissions in Cloud

Reviewer: Please specifically list the IAM permissions needed or`Cloud SQL client` role or higher. The App Engine page does a pretty good job:
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/31518063/108433088-42b73e00-71fa-11eb-9192-38f4e523883e.png)

SQL](https://cloud.google.com/sql/docs/mysql/roles-and-permissions) for details.

When the proxy authenticates under the default service account of the Compute
Engine VM it is running on the VM must have at least the sqlservice.admin API
scope ("https://www.googleapis.com/auth/sqlservice.admin") and the associated
project must have the SQL Admin API enabled.  The default service account must
also have at least WRITER/EDITOR priviledges to any projects of target SQL
instances.

> ## Example Invocations

Reviewer: At a more meta level, I prefer when the examples are next to the documentation for the flag itself. If someone just wants a list of flags they can use `-help`.

Author: I'll move all examples below their flags. I agree it's more useful.

The following examples demonstrate various features of the proxy and included
the associate command to connect to a MySQL database from the CLI.

> Using Unix Sockets:

Reviewer: nit
```suggestion
Using Unix sockets:
```

```
./cloud_sql_proxy -dir=/cloudsql -instances=my-project:us-central1:sql-inst &
mysql -u root -S /cloudsql/my-project:us-central1:sql-inst
```

To retrieve instances from a custom metadata value (only when running on GCE):

```
./cloud_sql_proxy -dir=/cloudsql \
    -instances_metadata instance/attributes/<custom-metadata-key> &
mysql -u root -S /cloudsql/my-project:us-central1:sql-inst
```

Using `-fuse`, you do not need to specify instance names ahead of time:

```
./cloud_sql_proxy -dir=/cloudsql -fuse &
mysql -u root -S /cloudsql/my-project:us-central1:sql-inst
```

> Using TCP sockets:

Reviewer: Please provide TCP options first.

```
./cloud_sql_proxy -instances=my-project:us-central1:sql-inst=tcp:3306 &
mysql -u root -h 127.0.0.1
```

To specify a custom Unix socket name:

```
./cloud_sql_proxy -dir=/cloudsql \
    -instances=my-project:us-central1:sql-inst=unix:custom_socket_name &
mysql -u root -S /cloudsql/custom_socket_name
```

To specify a custom location for a Unix socket (overrides `-dir`):

```
./cloud_sql_proxy -dir=/cloudsql \
    -instances=my-project:us-central1:sql-inst=unix:/my/custom/sql-socket &
mysql -u root -S /my/custom/sql-socket

> ```

Reviewer: I would also add an example + context around Public vs Private IP, as well as an example that shows how to specify the bind interface.
